Decide quickly
Do you want this old woman and the little blind man?
Or a red star?
Lin Lan, save Yaoyao
Don't worry about me, as long as your family of three is fine
I will die in peace.
Shut up old woman
Mom you beast
I must kill you
Kun, you are courting death
See who dares to move
Forget how big sister usually treats you
Guys, don't listen to him
Now we have two hostages in our hands
They dare not do anything
I know you are all bewitched by the quantity officer
If you still recognize me as a big sister
Just stand aside for me
I can go on forever
If anyone still insists on going one way to the dark
Don't blame my men for being ruthless
Brothers
Think about what we've done before
It's not enough to die ten times
You won't let us go
Only by following me can we have a way out
We go together.
Please give us a chance.
Give us a chance.
Mom don't come
Come again if I give it to the old woman don't go